README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="http://www.codechefvit.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/codechef_shared/sites/all/themes/abessive/logo-3.png" title="CodeChef-VIT" alt="Codechef-VIT"></a>
</p>

# Project Title
> OAuth-Pro
---
[![DOCS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-see%20docs-green?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor)](INSERT_LINK_FOR_DOCS_HERE) 
  [![UI ](https://img.shields.io/badge/User%20Interface-Link%20to%20UI-orange?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor)](INSERT_UI_LINK_HERE)
  
 # About the repository
 ```
 * The repository contains various oauth methods implemented in set of 
    different languages and frameworks
 * Each framework/language has a seperate directory under which the oauth codes are present
 * Some of the standard application Oauth methods we are looking for are in any framework are
  - Github
  - Google
  - Twitter
  - LinkeDln
  - FaceBook
 * To contribute to this repository read our contributions guidlines
 * To raise and issue or request a feature please go through our contribution practices first.
 ```
# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.
## Pull Request Process
1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a 
   build.
2. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment 
   variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
3. Only send your pull requests to the development branch where once we reach a stable point 
    it will be merged with the   master branch .
4. Associate each Pull Request with the required issue number. 
5.  Please provide relevant steps to use your codebase adding few extra lines
    of comments or commands to run would be helpful for others to follow along .

## Branch Policy 
* development: If you are making a contribution make sure to send your Pull Request to this branch . All
            developments goes in this branch.
* master: After significant features/bug-fixes are accumulated in development branch we merge it with the master branch.

## Contribution Practices
* If you want to work on a particular framework/language or a particular oauth and it is not mentioned 
 in any of the issues please raise an issue first.
* Write clear and meaningful commit messages.
* If you report a bug please provide steps to reproduce the bug.
* In case of changing the backend routes please submit an updated routes documentation for the same.
* If there is an UI related change it would be great if you could attach a screenshot 
 with the resultant changes so it is easier to review for the maintainers 
* Create a folder if not created of the required framework/language you want to work with 
    and inside each folder create a folder with the oauth you are working .
For example nodejs/github


## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

<p align="center">
	With :heart: by <a href="http://www.codechefvit.com" target="_blank">CodeChef-VIT</a>
</p>

Commit message:

Update README with the new env vars

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="http://www.codechefvit.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/codechef_shared/sites/all/themes/abessive/logo-3.png" title="CodeChef-VIT" alt="Codechef-VIT"></a>
</p>

# Project Title
> OAuth-Pro
---
[![DOCS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-see%20docs-green?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor)](INSERT_LINK_FOR_DOCS_HERE) 
  [![UI ](https://img.shields.io/badge/User%20Interface-Link%20to%20UI-orange?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor)](INSERT_UI_LINK_HERE)
  
 # About the repository
 ```
 * The repository contains various oauth methods implemented in set of 
    different languages and frameworks
 * Each framework/language has a seperate directory under which the oauth codes are present
 * Some of the standard application Oauth methods we are looking for are in any framework are
  - Github
  - Google
  - Twitter
  - LinkedIn
  - Facebook
 * The path to .env file on Nodejs implementations is: /OAuth-Pro/nodejs/config, with the following env vars
   - GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID
   - GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET 
 * To contribute to this repository read our contributions guidelines
 * To raise and issue or request a feature please go through our contribution practices first.
 ```
# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.
## Pull Request Process
1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a 
   build.
2. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment 
   variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
3. Only send your pull requests to the development branch where once we reach a stable point 
    it will be merged with the   master branch .
4. Associate each Pull Request with the required issue number. 
5.  Please provide relevant steps to use your codebase adding few extra lines
    of comments or commands to run would be helpful for others to follow along .

## Branch Policy 
* development: If you are making a contribution make sure to send your Pull Request to this branch . All
            developments goes in this branch.
* master: After significant features/bug-fixes are accumulated in development branch we merge it with the master branch.

## Contribution Practices
* If you want to work on a particular framework/language or a particular oauth and it is not mentioned 
 in any of the issues please raise an issue first.
* Write clear and meaningful commit messages.
* If you report a bug please provide steps to reproduce the bug.
* In case of changing the backend routes please submit an updated routes documentation for the same.
* If there is an UI related change it would be great if you could attach a screenshot 
 with the resultant changes so it is easier to review for the maintainers 
* Create a folder if not created of the required framework/language you want to work with 
    and inside each folder create a folder with the oauth you are working .
For example nodejs/github


## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

<p align="center">
	With :heart: by <a href="http://www.codechefvit.com" target="_blank">CodeChef-VIT</a>
</p>
